what's up guys JB 2017 here and today
I'm going to tell you guys or talk to
you guys about how excited I am for
borderlands 2 why i haven't had videos
up etc etc so first off what you're
looking at is some ratchet and clank HD
collection this is just a backdrop has
nothing to do it the video although i
will say that i've been spending a lot
of time playing this and having a
shitload of fun this game was the
greatest when i was a kid and I'm about
done with going commando getting on to
up your arsenal and then I'll have
beaten you know already beat the
original ration clinic now it's you know
going commando than up your arsenal so
anyways off topic so yeah I just want to
talk about how excited I am for
borderlands 2 and my expectations on
stuff and yeah so first off the reason
you haven't seen videos from me is
because well I was going to make a video
on the i believe the 10th or the 11th
but then i had too much homework and it
was already like nine then I was like
okay well I'm exhausted cuz you know
that's a school day is exhausting
believe it or not so uh hey I was like
oh whatever I'll just put off till
tomorrow and then either it was the 11th
of the 12th when I started to formulate
an idea for I know I think two days
there were two days where I was like I'm
gonna do this and then I was like whoa
it's late not enough time so yesterday I
you know found the time to get a video
done and I was going to talk about the
skill trees in Borderlands 2 and kind of
give you guys some insight into my asst
Maya's her skill tree so I didn't get
around to doing it because I first off I
wanted to record desktop because I'm
borderlands 2 calm there's like a skill
tree builder I want to just record
myself going through it with you guys
and give you guys tips pointers on stuff
that I found to be useful and it didn't
work out because i was using stupid-ass
camtasia studio which whenever you
record the desktop it has its own format
it's like cam record dot camera dot cam
re see like cam recording it's the
stupidest fucking thing I've ever seen
and it only works within the camtasia
look I just
Wow embarrassing it only works within
the Camtasia Studio program and then you
have to go in and like export it as an
mp4 well I did that and it didn't work
and tried to like open it as an HTML on
the internet it was the stupidest
fucking problem ever so after working on
that for like two and a half hours on
one video I recorded twice spent 25
minutes on each recording going through
for 25 minutes of 20 25 minute video
rendered it like four times in different
fashions never got to work piece of shit
Camtasia go die in a hole so yeah that's
my present conflict the reason I haven't
had videos up is because I've been
trying to make them and they're not
fucking working the way I want them to
and there's no other conceivable way I
can think of doing this I can think of a
very meticulous and tedious way to do it
which would be to take like five billion
screenshots of every single skill and
then go about one by one and it just
wouldn't be a good experience because I
want to go back and talk about this you
know it just it's not the greatest idea
so I think I'm going to hold off on the
skill explanations until the actual game
comes out so yeah and that's in five
days well less than five days actually
four days and seven hours from the time
i'm recording this so yes super excited
for that but that's the reason I haven't
had videos and I also want to tell you
guys about this new uploading format
that I'm gonna be trying out so as you
guys know where as you guys may not know
I've always had a conflict with my
channel about finding a niche because I
feel like all the other big channels I
don't consider myself a big channel even
though we'll see i have like 20 28,000
subs all the other big channels out
there have an itch you know they have a
niche niche whatever you want to call it
neish a kind of video series that they
do so for example UberHaxorNova is happy
wheels he has like three hundred
episodes of happy wheels and that's his
niche just plain too happy wills and
screaming at it syndicate has him
playing minecraft he has like three
hundred episodes of him playing
minecraft it's just him playing live com
whatever the people love
they would die for it it's you know very
popular with the people I guess you
could say I kind of had that with my ma
no more four three gun guide series but
I got tired of that and I think that's
just more of a personal issue than
anything so I haven't had an I haven't
found a niche that I exactly am like hey
this is what I want to do for like a
year or something you know have a really
long running series of the same thing
and so I'm trying this new thing out and
I got inspired by seananners and Hutch
plane trouble in terrorist town and what
they just do is they just record
themselves playing non-stop during the
entire their entire gaming sessions and
then pick out the best most entertaining
/ funny parts so I'm going to come home
on September 18th I'm gonna pop in
Borderlands 2 and I'm going to turn on
my recorder and my voice and so I'm
gonna record voice and the voices of the
people i'm playing with and just record
for like however many hours straight i
play it might be six hours then I'm
going to widdle threw that six hours
look through however tedious it'll be
and pick out the funniest most comedic
parts and cut them into like little five
minute videos and post one of those
every single day so I think it's a great
idea a great opportunity for me to not
you know feel like I have to make videos
or something like that because i feel
like the true quality and entertainment
value of the video will come out if it's
just a natural kind of playing
experience because i had the most fun
when i'm playing with friends on xbox
and it's like why not share that with
you guys think it's a fantastic idea and
it also gets me away from that typical
commentary style that I've been doing
for so long i'm not saying i want to get
away from it permanently obviously I'm
just keep doing commentary because you
guys enjoy it and I enjoy making it but
um yeah it's just something I'm gonna
try out and we'll see how it goes i'm
sure it'll be a good success and also
i'm gonna release those skilled tree
videos like I said when Borderlands 2
release so if all is well in the
neighborhood and then the
universe I don't really know that means
i'll release like for skill tree things
on the day it comes out for each class
and just my entire total explanation for
everything and yeah that's how that'll
be so i was just thinking I get out at
twelve o'clock i have like a two hour
break in the middle of the day so i get
out of twelve o'clock on that tuesday so
i'll just go by gamestop on my off
periods and get the game come back make
some videos go back to school not even
think about school just think about
borderlands the entire time and then
come back home and maybe like posts
those videos and stuff so yeah guys I
hope you enjoy the video if you did
please don't click that like button
really helped me out and also look
forward to borderlands in five days i
don't know if i'll have more videos you
know in the coming days i might got a
lot of things in my mind maybe i want to
speak about so yea once again hope you
guys enjoy the video and i will talk to
you later i feel like i say i hope you
guys enjoyed the video to at least twice
in every video so peace